----LIVERYMAKER INSTRUCTIONS for 787-8----
I used GIMP to modify and make liveries. This guide uses GIMP, if you use other programs, try to do
the same thing, or you can send me the texture to make a lights for it if you don't know how.

Using paintkit.xcf, save your texture as [3-letter airline code].png, all merged together, as well as
a .xcf file so you can edit details later. This paintkit should include most outlines for things.

----LIGHTS----
The 787 uses a separate texture for its lights. This method uses GIMP.

1. Open up your livery file separately from its creation file. Open as layers "chrome template.png"
   and merge down onto main livery. Using the paintcan, put plain white (#ffffff) on the bottom left
   area, the wing area.

2. Import "light-template.png" as a new layer.

3. Using color select, select any part of the light template. All of the bits should be selected. Go
   to Select -> Feather and use 20 pixels (10 if on a  1024 x 1024 livery, which should've been made
   at 2048 x 2048). Hide the lights layer, and select the original texture layer. 

4. Layer -> Mask -> Add Layer Mask with Selection selected. Turn opacity (in the menu with the
   layers) down to 60%.

5. Save as "[3-letter airline code].png". Ignore warnings and merge all layers.

----XML---
1. Copy and paste one of the livery XML files.

2. Rename it to the same 3-letter code you used before.

3. Open it up, and edit the names of the files so that they match. Make sure to keep the Liveries/ 
   part because this shows that the image file is below the models directory, in the Liveries folder.

----NOTES----
1. Once done with a finished livery, post on the forums (in 787 and CRJ-200 dev topic) , email it to
   me at nickyivyca [at] yahoo [dot] com, or upload it to the main FG Liveries site
   (liveries.flightgear.org).

2. Only airlines with actual 787-8 orders will be accepted into the main release (and also onto the
   main liveries site as well, I think). So, for example, a US Airways livery would not be accepted,
   but a Qatar Airways livery would. If you wish to make an unrealistic livery, feel free to release
   it yourself. See wanted.txt in the Liveries folder in the main 787 for a list of wanted liveries.

3. I have been basing my liveries off of those made for the 772-ER model. As long as you base your
   liveries off of GPL licensed ones (all on official FG Liveries site are GPL), it's fine.

4. I won't be including weathering in the paintkit until I know how and/or the 787 has been out long
   enough that it'll be realistic. Seams don't exist on composite construction, so those won't be put
   in.

5. I will be moving the wing mapping to a separate texture for the main point of more detail to the
   wing. Light textures will remain in the same spot, though.

-------------

Nick I
Current Developer of the 787 Project

Questions?
nickyivyca [at] yahoo [dot] com or you can reach me on the official forums with username nickyivyca.